Joshy instantiable followup (#217)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-developer-hub.github.io: docs/runtime/instantiable-module.md

title: "Instantiable Modules"
---

> Unlike other runtime modules, instantiable modules enable multiple instances of the same module logic within a single runtime. Each instance of the module has its own independent storage, and extrinsics must specify which instance of the module they are intended for.

Reviewer: > Unlike other runtime modules, instantiable modules

You make it sound like instantiable modules are different than runtime modules...

I would phrase this to say more like "Runtime modules have the ability to blah blah with the instantiable module feature..." but that is just me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page we will teach you how to create an "Instantiable Module", which allows you to enable multiple instances of the same module logic within a single runtime. Each instance of the module has its own independent storage, and extrinsics must specify which instance of the module they are intended for.
```

Reviewer 2: agree!
